Let's meet a sister who's
Applied the council to serve God from her youth on
Sister Lydia Barnes is from Jamaica
Her gifts to Jehovah May have changed with age
But what she gives to him today is in no way less valuable
I was born in the year 1911
I think I began to learn about the truth in the
1930s
We never have babies studies like we're having it. No, I always read this watch to our magazine
Because when I read that magazine that what got me interested so I keep reading I
Could remember it was a
Convention we had and that back there was by the drug root afford
Was the one who lived the talk
So we should go know advertise advertise advertise the king and the kingdom
I realized then that this was something different
So that is where I make my personal decision. I was it's tough advertising
I take any and every opportunity to witness to people
Lots of people come and visit me nobody have ever come
in my house
And they don't get a thorough witness
I sometimes in and out of the hospital
And so even the hospital
I have my territory right there. I do it in nurses. I do it with my doctor
I wouldn't say it's somebody helped me
Because I would say I'm helping somebody
There is so and it I always find myself
Talking to Jehovah
Sometimes we have anxieties
And I would solicit Jehovah's help
scripture shall we should remember
Our grand creator in the days of our youth before these evil days come
I am now
And
I am not able to do as before
So I guess it's a good thing. I always use the days of my youth
To do a lot was possible in Jehovah's service
Nothing could make me relax now. I always have to be talking about Jehovah
And the many blessings that I receive at his hand
Imagine that we can make Jehovah's heart which is a pleasure
So I enjoy that very much
The muscles know
You know
Not
For a month strong as before
I don't walk on the street by myself somebody escorted me to the kingdom hall here
If my brothers they don't see me at the meeting
I want to know what happened to Sister Barnes
Because everybody is looking forward to see me there
And I will say good morning brothers
And they were morning Sister Barnes and some of them had a wonderful name for calling me
Some is listening forward for my comment
So I find and the brothers they are happy
To have met the meeting
And I told them when they feel that way about me it makes me feel good too
Because I can see that I am of some use
When we miss the meeting we lose a lot
I want all of us as a family then to enjoy Jehovah's new world to come
My determination is to work with Jehovah
Be it to the end of my life or to the end of the soul existing
I shall return to the days of my youth and my flesh will be fresher than that of a bead
Remember then your grand creator and the days of your youth
That was Sister Barnes's determination
Lillian is now 108 years old and has been baptized for nearly 82 years
Her beautiful example shows the contentment that comes from serving God whole soul at any age